the Shetlands the most northerly islands
in Britain I'm visiting the brilliant
rspb reserve of sombra head with my
eleven-year-old son when he grows up
Theo wants to be a wildlife cameraman
nature reserves like this are a great
place to learn the craft especially here
because there's some very special
animals you can get close to Thea take a
look over the top of that wall I've
never seen a puppy this is brilliant
when creatures are this close you can
even get good video with a point and
shoot but to get real close ups at
zambra head I lent Theo my equipment
with a long lens he could show the real
detail on the breeding puffins may only
have their colourful builds during the
breeding season he'll go back out to sea
in a month or so you have to video here
between May and August
seabirds and their cities are wonderful
places to film in short these elements
close by there's some long-distance
travelers there's the colony we were
told about but here we need to use the
car as a hide that Arctic Terns if we
got out of the car we totally frightened
me this is great lots of babies as well
can you see those three yeah yeah at
summer's end these babies will fly to
Antarctica it's not for you and see if I
can say interesting the idea
got two baby baby watch parent may come
down and feed it this parent was a
disappointment for the chick yeah you
see four left what's left some adults
there they've got a really strong pair
bond until they come back to the colony
and it's great to each other the
Shetlands are a super place for wildlife
puffins have got such character Theo got
some really great shots if you go to a
nature reserve where you can get close
to animals that will really help when
you're making your Eden short enjoy your
shooting I can't wait to see what you
come up with